To sleep, perchance to dream...
Not all those who wander are lost.
Zeit ist nicht Geld. Zeit ist Leben.
Ohne Musik ware das Leben ein Irrtum.
The five boxing wizards jump quickly.
Five quacking zephyrs jolt my wax bed.
Two driven jocks help fax my big quiz.
Pack my box with five dozen liquor jugs.
Joaquin Phoenix was gazed by MTV for luck.
Jinxed wizards pluck ivy from the big quilt.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
Was mich nicht umbringt, macht mich starker.
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.
Crazy Fredrick bought many very exquisite opal jewels.
El hombre rechaza lo que ignora, no quiere que lo superen.
We promptly judged antique ivory buckles for the next prize.
I wish you to know that you have been the last dream of my soul.
Grave e cabisbaixo, o filho justo zelava pela querida mae doente.
Jaded zombies acted quaintly but kept driving their oxen forward.
Monsieur Jack, vous dactylographiez bien mieux que votre ami Wolf.
The job requires extra pluck and zeal from every young wage earner.
The world is a book and those who do not travel read only one page.
A mad boxer shot a quick, gloved jab to the jaw of his dizzy opponent.
Nowadays people know the price of everything and the value of nothing.
Andabamos sin buscarnos pero sabiendo que andabamos para encontrarnos.
It was a bright cold day in April, and the clocks were striking thirteen.
To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all.
The most important things are the hardest to say because words diminish them.
We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful about what we pretend to be.
The only thing you can do easily is be wrong, and that's hardly worth the effort.
Relaxing in basins at the end of inlets terminates the endless tests from the box.
The greatest trick the Devil ever pulled was convincing the world he didn't exist.
We are such stuff as dreams are made on, and our little life is rounded with a sleep.
Who controls the past controls the future. Who controls the present controls the past.
Carved symbols in a mountain hollow on the bank of an inlet irritated an eccentric person.
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.
An expert is a person who has made all the mistakes that can be made in a very narrow field.
The only real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new landscapes, but in having new eyes.
The fear of death follows from the fear of life. A man who lives fully is prepared to die at any time.
Renuncio al deseo de que llegara el sabado. No podia creer que fuera el mismo que ella habia conocido.
Freedom is not the absence of commitments, but the ability to choose and commit to what is best for me.
There are darknesses in life and there are lights, and you are one of the lights, the light of all lights.
Era inevitable: el olor de las almendras amargas le recordaba siempre el destino de los amores contrariados.
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.
Pero es tan lenta la vida, y tan facil es morirse, y son tan cortas las palabras que es preciso andarse con tiento.
Peace is not an absence of war, it is a virtue, a state of mind, a disposition for benevolence, confidence, justice.
Der Mensch ist kein Tier, er hat nicht die Instinkte des Tieres, er hat die Fahigkeit, uber seine Instinkte zu verfugen.
In my younger and more vulnerable years, my father gave me some advice that I've been turning over in my mind ever since.
If you would be a real seeker after truth, it is necessary that at least once in your life you doubt, as far as possible, all things.
Als Gregor Samsa eines Morgens aus unruhigen Traumen erwachte, fand er sich in seinem Bett zu einem ungeheueren Ungeziefer verwandelt.
Whenever you feel like criticizing anyone, just remember that all the people in this world haven't had the advantages that you've had.
All the world’s a stage, and all the men and women merely players. They have their exits and their entrances, And one man in his time plays many parts.